I want to fully build out, as a workflow option for Prism, the model of one clarifying question and then work. This is to effectively do a sneaky and shifty move to handle the user's query with two LLM calls and partially disguise it. I mean, partially with what the human says is useful, but partially disguised as two LLM calls. The first LLM call can quickly, in the first tool call itself, get context and decide if this is going to be a two LLM query call. It can then spend the entire first LLM basically just setting up the environment, setting up the data space, pulling the data, organizing the artifacts, etc. This applies to basically dashboards. It can apply to everything other than report workflows or scheduled processes. Those need to be pretty deterministic as per their guidelines. For end usage, it is question and answer and then also building dashboards. The use case is when the user asks, "Write a report" or "Build a dashboard." For reports, this will allow us to sort of deprecate the generate report MCP tool. We don't want to get rid of the tool, but we can basically make that an escape key where it only gets triggered if the human literally says "Use this tool." This can take the majority of our complex queries, including:
- Write a report
- Do comprehensive analysis
- Build a model
- Build a trading system  In these difficult workflows, Prism can decide to look at it like this is the first of two LLM calls. It shouldn't expose these mechanics and machinery to the end user, but it should basically decide, "Okay, I'm just going to spend this really setting it up." The goal for the first LLM call is to set up the data space, the work space, do basic analysis, set up the execution environment as much as possible so that the second LLM call is basically able to just not do that much, other than synthesis, thinking through building the final artifact, building the final deliverable, etc. This workflow needs to work in email too, and then in email it still needs to be the case that, basically, email or chat is the same thing. I want to introduce this such that more difficult questions can get two passes, including some human in the loop, and also with the human in the loop piece.In order to make it easy on the user, I want Prism to ask its questions to the human in a multiple choice format, either multiple choice or the answer set is enumerated so it's easy to select. This basically allows the user to answer it very quickly. Also, give the option that if the user wants to give more specific details, they should feel free to give recommendations for each if they're sort of controversial or if Prism has a leaning towards one but doesn't need to give recommendations. I think this is a good design to basically spread out difficult tasks.
The way this should work is just an adjustment to L1 global_context I think. And it'll always be obvious, given the prompt, whether you're in turn 2 based on conversation history and you will always receive session folder. soit should always be easy to pick it up.

